Whether it is Jiang Rou or Chen Tianhao
See me as a thorn in the side
If you cooperate with me
The pressure on your cloud blood international is afraid
Not too small, right?
I would like to advance and retreat with Mr. Chu
You bet on me
You are not afraid of failure
Lose everything?
No regrets
If you lose
I also fought with Mr. Chu
Fight to the death
But I believe
Since Mr. Chu has come to the stage of his dreams
I won't let my dream Goku
I promise you.
Happy cooperation
Here it is.
This is a special invitation to the Golden Melody Awards ceremony
I would like to invite Mr. Chu as the finale guest
For the biggest award of the year, the best singer
As the most prestigious award in the country
The best singer has always been a hot topic of discussion
If Mr. Chu
To be able to attend this awards ceremony
Mr. Chu's popularity has also increased to a certain extent
Popularity
Mr. Chu in the finals
To get fan votes
The next competition for Rising Stars is a chorus
The four mentors will choose a singer
After the wind came out of the mentor
You just need to borrow this song
You can listen to them grumpy again
As far as I know
The presenters of the Golden Melody Awards are all kings
I didn't even make my debut.
Is it appropriate?